name: cong qiu
email: congq@g.clemson.edu
date: Sep, 30th, 2015

I.Description:
Consist of two program: alplamask and composite
	alplamask generate a alplamasked image from a greenscreened image, can also do the compositing, see Usage.
	composite composite the masked image with a background image.

II.Usage:
alphamask is in alphamask folder,to make :
	make
Basic usage of alphamask:
	 
	./alphamask [originalFile] [maskedfile] [Option]
	 
	Options
	 	-pv
			use pv algorithm
		-ss
			apply spill suppression
		-k kvalue
			preset k value
		-h,s,v [buttom] [upper]
			specify range of h or s of v
		-g
			greyscale
		-c [filename]
			composit with background image
		-l
			view live change
		-o [filename]
			output composited image

For example:
	./alphamask gshelnu.jpg maskedImage.png -pv -l -c back.jpg -o result.png
	this command means process gshelnu.jpg with pv's algorithm , then store the processed image to maskedImage.png. After that composite the image with back.jpg, output to result.png. The "-l" option means that it is on live mode, so we can use upkey or downkey, or mouse to change the k value then see the instant result.

composite is in composite folder, to make:
	make
to run:
	./composite fore.png background.jpg result.png

III.Code Structure:
Alphamask
	There are 4 classes in this program:
	Manager, handle argumets. If arguments were parsed successfully, flags would be set, so may the some prameters such as the range of HUE when doing hsvMasking. How a manager behave depends on its flags.
	MyImage, the class we use to store image data, it member function over() takes in another MyImage object, cover over it, return the covering result. This is where I do the compositing.
	FileIO, read file into MyImage, output image to file.
	ImageProcess, it has 4 member function: hsvMask(), hsvGSMask(), pvMask(), ssMask(). These 4 function fullfill the different masking requirement.  

Composite
	Same classes are used as it in Alphamask. The rotine is quite straight forward,that is, it use FileIO to readin Images, then use the aforementioned member function "over()" of MyImage to composite a new image, then display the new image, or use FileIO to save it to new file.

IV.Attribution
	Makefile is originally writen by DJ, I made some modification on it to fit this project.
	RGBtoHSV is from last project,I DID NOT write this one, I just included it, let me know if I should rewrite it.




